---
title: Summer Promotion 2018 (Ended)
layout: article
date: 2018-08-15
image: "/assets/images/1000-dollar-website.jpg"
description: We have created a limited-time website package that caters better to those who need a quick cost-effective website solution.
image-alt: $1000 Website Promotion
image-title: $1000 Website Promotion
permalink: articles/1000-dollar-website
---
In response to interest from new businesses inquiring about a **basic website on a lean budget**, we have created a basic website package that caters better to those who need a **quick cost-effective solution**.

## Limited Time Promotion

For the months of August through September 2018, Wolkowski Web Design is offering a single-page website bundle for only **$1000 CAD** *(plus monthly maintentance and hosting fees)*.

<div class="pricing" style="margin: 15px;">
<div class="price-box">
<h2 class="gloss" id="promo" style="padding: 10px;">Promotional<br> Website</h2>
<ul style="width: 100%; max-width:100%;">
<li>
<h3>$1000</h3>
</li>
<li>Single Page Template</li>
<li>Styled For Your Brand</li>
<li>Funtional and Responsive Design</li>
<li>Contact Form</li>
<li>Indexed on Google</li>
<li>SEO Essentials</li>
</ul>
</div>
<h1 style="margin: 15px;">+</h1>
<div class="price-box">
<h2 class="gloss" id="monthly" style="padding: 10px;">Hosting and Site<br> Managment</h2>
<ul style="width: 100%; max-width:100%;">
<li>
<h3>$150 / Month</h3>
</li>
<li>Domain Name Setup</li>
<li>Website Hosting</li>
<li>SSL Encryption</li>
<li>Website Maintenance</li>
<li>Easy + Quick Changes</li>
<li>99.9% Uptime</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>

## High Quality, Low Cost
Your website will be created with a <strong>premade hand-coded template</strong> that suits your company and branding. It will be fully responsive (mobile and tablet friendly), and will follow best SEO practices.

The $1000 website is created with the same framework and back-end as our <a href="{{ site.baseurl}}/pricing">Starter, Pro, and Premium</a> websites which means your website is 100% upgradable and fully scalable. -- If you ever need to convert to a larger website package at a later time, not a problem!

## FAST development

Order today and we can have your website finished in as little as two weeks.<br>The process is simple:

<ul>
<li>Contact us</li>
<li>We'll discuss your company and branding</li>
<li>You supply us with the content you want on the website (written content, photos, logos)</li>
<li>We put your website together</li>
</ul>

Ready to Order? Have more questions? <br>Simply <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/pricing#contact">get in touch with us</a> and we can get you started today!

<br><a class="order-button" id="order-button" href="{{ site.baseurl }}/pricing#contact">Order Now!</a>
<br>
<br>
